The first change that I made was to the header. Instead of having the navbar to the right of the screen, I decided to center it. It looks much better especially on mobile devices. The next change I made was to the project section of the page. Before, the projects section was just a horizontal flexbox that had three images and three captions. I added hover animations, shadows, rounded borders and rewrote the captions to be more concise and cleaner to read. I also added more responsive features to this section. Prior to the changes, the three projects that I showcase would sit horizontally in the flexbox regardless of screen width. This did not look the best, espeically on mobile. So I added media queries to display the projects vertically when the screen width reached the width of a standard phone. I then reworked the experience section. The logos/images now appear as circles instead of squares which gives the page a more refined look. I also switched from a grid to a flexbox and reworked the organization of the content. The image is smaller and the role title, date, and company sit next to the image. I then added the notes from each experience to sit underneath this content. This design also made the site look cleaner and more organized, especially on mobile. The last few changes I made were in the skills and footer section. For skills, I edited the margins/padding to fit closer together, thus occupying less space. Lastly, I added a purple background color to the footer which I think looks more appealing. I also added media queries, removing the footer from appearing on mobile devices for a minimalist look.

For part 5, I just added the Google Analytics for tracking. Because I built a portfolio web app, I didn't really have a need for search support or pulling content from Twitter/Instagram/social media platforms. At the same time, the website is extremely minimalistic and simple and I didn't want to include unneccessary JavaScript features if it isn't really needed. However, I believe that Google Analytics and collecting data is valuable for any site so I decided to add it to my website as well. Tracking information like page views, outbound clicks, and scrolls will be valuable information for me to track. If I have a high page views, I know that recruiters/employers are looking at my page. If I have a high number of outbound clicks, I know how many users are being redirected to my linked GitHub and LinkedIn pages. Lastly, knowing scrolling information will help me identify if users are scrolling down the page and viewing all the content on my page. In the end, these metrics are extremely valuable and will help me gauge the efficacy of my site. 